good evening I'm taro and this is
bomberman sorta and let's play amazing
island okay we have a new arena and so
we actually get to see the new part of
the island the same little woods area
and here we are bomber bowl and the
undersea don't grab bombs throw bombs
that's about it and avoid rocks this is
a very tricky event and let's see first
tip is the boss is to my direct left so
if I aim to the top of the screen and
make a left I'll be able to go on top
and hit him a lot for a lot of bombs so
let's see this ok now the turn there you
go
the mex is for and the best strategy for
this is to grab actual floor bombs and
then go to the boss now here the search
pattern is very similar to the postman
in ocarina of time that is you searched
half the arena if you don't find what
you were looking for that half and
around immediately and search it again
because by that time things have changed
there we go an example of the chain
styles of how the bombs drop more often
than not they'll go one by one
and you need to be under that 42 or 43
seconds to get 1804 card very difficult
and takes a lot of practice so until
next time I'm await now the way to the
little fanfare okay so until next time
I'm tiro and have fun gaming SIA